MTA-6826, 6827, 6828, 6829, 6830, 6831 CQA April work for rules development guide (#359)
migtools/mta-documentation: assemblies/rules-development-guide/assembly_rules-introduction.adoc

Reviewer: I like that this short description includes the who and the what. The only missing piece according to our guidance https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#shortdesc is missing user-focused language ("This guide is intended " is self-referential and must be avoided). I suggest to reword it for DITA.

:context: rules-introduction

[role="_abstract"]

> As an Architect, see the following sections to understand rules and rule syntax so that, you can create custom YAML-based rules for {ProductName} ({ProductShortName}) tools.

Reviewer: I believe we can further refine this short description to set expectations for users. How about something like this?

```suggestion
You can analyze specific aspects of an application by using custom YAML-based rules for {ProductName} ({ProductShortName}). Creating your own rules helps you identify the use of custom libraries or components that standard migration rules might miss.
```

Author: Ok, I have rewritten the first introduction in the guide :) Thanks!
